America for me is like missing out on how good
it feels to be there for other people, to
have genuine conversations with people, to
like not deflect a lot.
Yeah, because I do it every day.
Say, Hey, how are you? Oh I'm good.
I'm not good.
I'm a black trans woman in America.
I'm not good. I'm not
happy, or whatever it is.
It's like we don't check on our neighbors.
We overlook how women come up missing.
We have this sense of entitlement.
I don't know. It's just so many things like,
I guess that's the thing that is so many
things with America. That's spun maybe out of control
for me, that it's too much shit to
clean up.
The realms of where my power is
in Detroit, in the black trans community.
And it's a choice. If you don't do it in
your powers and what's in your region and choose
to do nothing, then you're
adding to the problem.
So for me, whether you like what I'm saying or
not, I'm out here trying to find a good
value.